h2. 0.2.5

* No deprecations in Rails 4.2.

h2. 0.2.4

* Fix Rspec 3.3 fixture support.

h2. 0.2.3

h2. 0.2.2

* Allow using `cell.stub(..)` with capybara.

h2. 0.2.1

* Relaxed rspec dependency to >= 2.14.
* Added `enable_cell_caching!` for specs.

h2. 0.2.0

* rspec-cells depends on rspec >= 2.99 and uses the expect syntax. Thanks to @seuros for his help.

h2. 0.1.12

* Remove `respond_to` tests from generated tests.

h2. 0.1.11

* Make specs work with cell view models.

h2. 0.1.10

* Don't use `have_selector` in generated spec unless Capybara's around.
* Less restricted dependencies.


h2. 0.1.9

* Override #render_state in specs using module in favour of Decorator (broke stubbing).

h2. 0.1.8

* Make @render_state@ return a Capybara string so it gets assertable.

h2. 0.1.7

h2. 0.1.6

* Minor internal fixes.

h2. 0.1.5

* Fixed generated test for namespaced cells.

h2. 0.1.4

* Another maintenance release since we broke the gem with the last release :-)

h2. 0.1.3

* Maintenance release.

h2. 0.1.2

* No more deprecation warnings in Rails 3.2.

h2. 0.1.1

* Fixed indentation in generator. Thanks to Richard Huang [flyerhzm].

h2. 0.1.0

h3. Changes
  * Removed @ViewAssigns@. Maintenance Release.

h2. 0.0.5

h3. Changes
  * Works with RSpec-2.6 now, too.
  * We no longer provide our own Capybara string matchers but delegate to @Capybara.string@. If you ever used the @==@ equality check, this won't work anymore. As a tradeoff, you get all string matchers Capybara comes up with, making rspec-cells forward-compatible.


h2. 0.0.4

h3. Changes
  * Use Capybara's string matchers in your specs now (if you like)!


h2. 0.0.2

h3. Bugfixes
  * Using a Railtie to correctly load rspec-cells. Caused a dependency problem with capybara before. Thanks to Steve Sloan [CodeMonkeySteve] for fixing and Brandon Dimcheff [bdimcheff] for debugging.
